hello to you all Julia and this video will be
about stamping from con from who on
My channel has long known that I am a fan
Nova Art and today I will show how
translate patterns that fill the whole
I already put the nail plate base
shade on which I will apply the picture
You can use any varnish
firm and any color important that
the base color and color of the print on it
beautifully combined before use
do not forget to degrease the plate
die and scraper
nail polish remover for picture i
I chose a light pink nail polish on Kona's
such a print on the plate and also to us
need topcoat which
will add shine and fix the picture after
how the base color dried up can
start stemping fill the picture
varnish for stemping can not fill
Completely the whole picture as a scraper
fill the bottom myself
excess varnish from the top of the picture
now scraper at a 45 degree angle
remove excess paint from the picture
take a stamp and rolling motion
we transfer drawing to its rubber
pad now translate drawing on
nail the same rolling motion
you can do it at the vista as I
you can put your hand on the table as you wish
more comfortable and here's one leg point us ready
Now you need to clean the liquid for
nail polish dies and plate
you can see that everything is cleared very
easy and fast now apply varnish
on drawing
clean the scraper and remove excess varnish
at an angle of 45 degrees
typing on the stamp and translate
him on the second leg
main rolling motion
here is the second leg ready, I will not
show the application process at all
ten fingers since the application pattern
the same and now i'm starting to
second hand do not forget to clean the disk
die and scraper every time after
use except that it is very
beautiful i love konad stemping for
that's very fast the whole process
takes a maximum of 10 minutes and at the same time
absolutely nothing complicated in the process
konad stemping system handle even
first grader a little practice
look how beautiful and unusual
nogotochki look and to make such
I would need a brush drawing
at least an hour and a half this is direct
two year practice of painting nails
I work in the nail industry and mine
customers are very happy with what they can
get a beautiful result at a minimum
time spent and also can not
to please
a huge selection of prints for all occasions
of life
after the last video many me
asked how long this keeps
drawing in practice I noticed that on
sibel depends on base coat
which you use if you apply
under the stamping is not a quality varnish which
quickly peels off then eprint on it
long does not rush
if you use a good varnish in
as a basis
that is, the print he will hold
fine when all the legs are already with
pattern take a wand with a cotton
sponge dip it in liquid for
varnish remover and remove the varnish which
imprinted around the nail
this process only takes a minute
maximum one and a half
and during this time the drawing will have time to dry
and you can safely apply fixer because
if you apply fixative on wet
drawing it will be smeared with one stroke you
spoil all your efforts and believe
will be very disappointing and will have to start
it is better to wait anew
dries I 'll show you a little closer
all the drawings on it are very beautiful and for
I love her very much and here he is the result
as for me the combination of pink with
everything looks very beautiful in purple
very quickly beautifully original and
believe your nails won't stay
undetected everyone thank you for your attention and
I wish you beautiful well-groomed pens because
hands is a business card of each
women